bundler PREFIX

    Create OS X bundle, run after `make install'.


check-coding-style.py SOURCE-FILE.c

    Checks whether coding style conforms to Gwyddion conventions.

    Not everything is checked (e.g. indentation or naming), and occassionally
    spurious errors are reported, but it gives an idea.


documentation-stats.py <LOG-FILE
translation-stats.py <LOG-FILE

    Generate API documentation symbol coverage statistics and translation
    statistics for http://gwyddion.net/resources.php from build logs
    (more precisely from gtk-doc and gettext messages).


dump-modules user-guide-modules >modules.xml

    Dumps information about all installed Gwyddion modules in XML format.

    user-guide-modules maps module names to particula user guide documents.


gen-news.py <NEWS >NEWS.html

    Generates http://gwyddion.net/news.php from NEWS file.


gwyddion-night-build
gwyddion-build-log

    Performs nightly rebuild, extracts information from its logs.


indent.pro

    An approximation of Gwyddion coding style as an indent settings file.
    Note it is just an approximation, for example switch/case indentation
    or operator placement is wrong because no indent option can do it right.


mkenum.mk

    An include file with common glib-mkenum make rules.  It is included in
    libraries' makefiles.


mkenum.c.template
mkenum.h.template

    Universal glib-mkenum templates, they require some additional
    substitutions that glib-mkenum cannot do to work universally, see
    mkenum.mk.


genmarshal.mk

    An include file with common glib-genmarshal make rules.  It is included
    in libraries' makefiles (if they define new signal prototypes).


modules-web.xsl
modules-web-nocss.xsl

    Generate http://gwyddion.net/module-list.php and its plain expanded
    version from modules.xml.


stockgen.py

    Updates libgwydgets/gwystock.h and libgwydgets/gwystock.c to match
    pixmaps/Makefile.am.  Must be run from the top-level source directory.


update-langs.py

    Updates files that, for whatever reason, contain the list of available
    localizations.  The primary list is in this script.  Must be run from
    the top-level source directory.


update-potfiles.sh

    Updates po/POTFILES.in to contain all source files (.c and .h) with
    translatable strings.  Must be run from the top-level source directory.


vim-syn-gen.py

    A general script for creation of Vim C syntax file extensions from
    gtk-doc documentation.  Used with conjuction of data/gwyddion-cfg.py
    which contains configuration for Gwyddion.  See


extract-file-magic.py TYPE SOURCE-FILES... >OUTPUT

    Extracts file type matching magic from file modules, used in ../data.
    Known types are FREEDESKTOP and FILE (at the time of writing this
    modules only contain FREEDESKTOP magic).

